Add useIsomorphicLayoutEffect hook (#568)
mongodb/leafygreen-ui: packages/hooks/README.md

// Third render
<Example nextValue={0} />  // will render "2020"
```

# useIsomorphicLayoutEffect

> Drop-in replacement for `useLayoutEffect` that does not produce warnings during server-side rendering

Reviewer: Might be nice to include a note about updating a user's `eslint` file to include this hook as part of the exhaustive deps rule.

> Drop-in replacement for `useLayoutEffect` that does not produce warnings during server-side rendering

Author: ```suggestion
Drop-in replacement for `useLayoutEffect` that does not produce warnings during server-side rendering. If your project uses the `react-hooks/exhaustive-deps` linter rule, it's recommended to add `useIsomorphicLayoutEffect` to the `additionalHooks` of that rule.

# useIsomorphicLayoutEffect

> Drop-in replacement for `useLayoutEffect` that does not produce warnings during server-side rendering. If your project uses the `react-hooks/exhaustive-deps` linter rule, it's recommended to add `useIsomorphicLayoutEffect` to the `additionalHooks` of that rule.

Reviewer: Including a full example may help, as I'm sure you'll need to redirect the user to our example or the docs page.

> Drop-in replacement for `useLayoutEffect` that does not produce warnings during server-side rendering. If your project uses the `react-hooks/exhaustive-deps` linter rule, it's recommended to add `useIsomorphicLayoutEffect` to the `additionalHooks` of that rule.

Author: ``````suggestion
Drop-in replacement for `useLayoutEffect` that does not produce warnings during server-side rendering. If your project uses the `react-hooks/exhaustive-deps` ESLint rule, it's recommended to add `useIsomorphicLayoutEffect` to the `additionalHooks` of the rule. Example:
```js
  rules: {
    'react-hooks/exhaustive-deps': [
      'warn',
      {
        additionalHooks: '(useIsomorphicLayoutEffect)'
      }
    ]
  }
```
``````
